It was 9.29. How's everybody doing tonight? God bless you. Welcome to Harmontown, everybody.
Thank you so much for coming out on a... What night is it tonight? Saturday? Friday? What
the fuck is it? Saturday night in Hollywood, California. Please welcome to the stage the
mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. Thank you. You're applauding yourselves. You're
applauding yourselves. It's a special night at Harmontown. Oh, I just realized they were reacting
to the sash. No, they were reacting to that dynamic intro I just gave you. This is one of many reasons
why it's a special night is because one of our fans made sashes for us. Aren't these smart? It wasn't
a girl, so retract your oz. It was a dude. Prepare your... Dan, Brian. Is that an insight? Is he pretending
not to know your name? It's my middle name. Brian? Please do not feel obligated to wear these. I just
came across them and couldn't resist. That's actually only funny if you realize that they say
Harmontown on them as well. I stepped on your joke, Sean Sakame, aka Snap the Jap, one of the most
offensively named fans that we have. The delightfully racist sash maker. Annemarie Von Furley, could you
please come up here as an expert, Sasher and sash Jeff, with his Comptroller sash. Jeff Davis is
the Comptroller of Harmontown. Seems like a good time to give him a round of applause. I love it. I never
felt more in Comptroller in my life. Don't let everybody know you guys doing good. Sorry, I didn't
mean to... I'm sorry, I instinctively did this. I was like, don't let someone manipulate you. It's a curious
thing about Harmontown is I just want to protect the flock and sometimes I'll hurt them by doing it. I went
to see Jesus Christ Superstar in New York and I was very taken with how whiny and passive aggressive Jesus
was. I really like that musical very much for that reason. You mean the actor that played Jesus or the role
itself? The role itself, I think it's written in a very whiny... Judas is the good role, the juicy role. It's
a manly protagonist role. It's a tragic hero in Jesus Christ Superstar, but the role of Jesus is like...
He really is constantly complaining about being Jesus and it's a big bummer for him and no one understands
and he's just constantly standing up and going, if you guys had to deal with what I had to deal with, forget it.
You know what, if I vanished right now, no one would even care. And then the chorus would be like, oh, what do
you mean? Well, don't say that. Hey, come on. Hey, buddy. Passive aggressive savior. And you would be. I'm not
taking a dig at either the mythical Jesus, the archeological Jesus, or Rice and Schwartzkopf. What were their
names? Rice and Schwartzkopf. Jesus Christ Superstar, Andrew Lloyd Webber, and Rice Aroni. I want to know
about the archeological Jesus. They found Jesus? The cool thing about him is that he didn't even believe in God.
He just packed a six-shooter and that was enough religion for him. You know what a practical man I am?
Indie reference. We went on the Disneyland Indie ride. Let's not start with the tangents just yet.
Can we just, can we please center ourselves? Because that was the, okay, we got our sashes. That was reason number
one. It's a special night. Yeah. And I want to be very characteristically self-diagnostic and neurotic and say,
when I say special, I don't mean good. I'm not saying tonight's going to be the best Harmontown, but it's the
most special because I've decided, because I'm not going to bother to look because I'm lazy, that this is our
year anniversary. It feels like it. Feels good enough. It might have been last week, we had to do two
Harmontowns this month because my firing is like, it's just, my body is partly loose-changed and some people,
extra people are gathering it, which is fine. I have no problem with that. There's a fracas. Let's show.
Those people are already regretting their $10 ticket purchase. There is nothing interesting for me to say. I am
Ace Rothstein in late act two of Casino. Just smoking and like, and another thing, Mr. Governor. I am third act,
what's his name? I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. What's the guy that died of heroin,
Lenny Bruce. I'm third act Lenny Bruce. I think Dan, within the last three shows, you've started off the show by
one time comparing yourself to Michelangelo. I'm pretty sure Einstein and now tonight Lenny Bruce.
No, no, no. Thomas Edison is the middle one. I hate it when you get shit wrong. I'm a perfectionist. That's what
this show is about. Now, I woke up this morning and I realized I have nothing to do and I thought that tonight
could be a special night that we would not know what we were doing as I stepped on the stage. We rarely do.
I don't come up with desk bits. I don't have articles that are too crazy to be true. I have a few thoughts
and impulses but tonight is about weightlessness and I don't just mean because I've lost upwards of 14 pounds on the
four hour body diet. Wow. You found a way to make it about you. In the middle of a story, all heroes meet
with a goddess. They find themselves in a nexus. Give us an example. Give us a couple of film examples.
Real Genius with Val Kilmer. In the middle of the movie, right in the middle of the story, Val Kilmer has a little
ketchup dab on his lip and he's like listening to the guy that lived in the closet. For the first half of Real Genius
with Val Kilmer, they're working on a laser project to get their A from William Atherton, I believe, who states very
clearly in the first act that he hates popcorn. He couldn't be clearer about his hatred of popcorn. Does that come
back to vitamin A's? Actually, you know what it does. The weirdest thing is that the movie ends with a giant
popcorn. Did he turn his house into a big Jiffy Pop? Yeah, he did. They did. It took Genius to do it but they did.
But that's not important. He's their teacher and they're working on a laser project. They have to make this laser
and then in the middle of the movie, they make the laser and then Val Kilmer is eating French fries and he's got a
little dollop of ketchup on his lip and the crazy guy from the basement. You remember? Yeah, I can't think of his name.
He lived in the pipes in the basement of the campus. Laszlo. Thank you. And he says to them, yeah, you made your
laser. What do you think it's for? What do you think the government's going to use that laser for? And there's a
shot of Val Kilmer going and he's got like a little ketchup on his lip from eating French fries and the 80's
needle drop like swells, you know, some blazer-clad band kind of hits their crescendo as we truck on his face
and then the second half of Real Genius proceeds because at the nexus, that is the goddess, the hero has
achieved everything that he could possibly achieve and now he has to figure out what he's going to do with it.
Am I just going to stand here with ketchup on my lip? We've been doing a year of Harmontown shows. We've
achieved the freedom to do what we want to go to the moon. And we've got ketchup all over our lips. We haven't
done anything. So I want to take tonight to really recalibrate and figure out what we're doing.
Can we start it off with this kind of, you know, premise that this is going to be about perfecting society, that we
were going to find a way to, where we're going to colonize the moon and take the people that come to Harmontown,
we're going to figure out society's problems and go and make our own civilization out there.
But we had a couple of guests to start off with and we just kind of dropped that. Now we just talk about your
hemorrhoids and your bubble baths and things like that.
So have there been any tweets or anything that, I think grab a drink. Could you read my brother's email?
Yeah, absolutely. I think we get lots of repeat customers here. Who has not been here before by applause?
Many of you are familiar with Dan's brother, Bones Harmon, right?
His name is Doug, but he goes by various nicknames throughout his life.
Bones.
At one point he was Dart Vader because he liked darts. And he made his family call him Dart Vader.
What were some other ones?
My favorite part in his development, he was like 15 and I was 10.
He started hanging out at a pool hall down the block from my mom's place.
At 15 years old?
He got really into billiards. Well, they had also like a space ace machine and a pango.
He decided that he was really into billiards, so he went and got his own billiard cue that you kind of swiveled
together so that he could play people in pool and have his own pool cue.
And he also got a iron-on letter sweatshirt that said pool shark.
That was his identity.
Pool shark?
The drawing room is like our favorite little local shithole watering hole.
They have a dart board there and there's dart champions. They actually have a league there.
Electronic machines. It's not like a regular horsehair like quality board, but it's one of those electronic machines.
And people come in and they take it very seriously. And I played a guy there.
I'm not great at darts. I'm okay at darts.
But if I see somebody, there was a guy that came in and he had a tank top on and it was not hot.
It was wintertime in Los Angeles. It was chilly out.
It was cold in the bar. Bars are generally kind of, you know, the air conditioning is on.
The tank top was more there just to let you know that on both of the shoulders he had tattoos of darts.
And he was a piece of shit at the dart board.
And I beat him with absolute happiness and arrogance.
So I say, yeah, don't fucking put darts in your arm.
And if you do, be the world's greatest dart player.
And if you lose and you have tattoos of darts, be cooler about it.
We played for a drink and I beat him twice and he fucked off into the night.
Never fucking bought me that drink.
Well, let's have a guest reader come up.
Who in the first few rows, like, just show your hands if you feel that maybe you were in high school forensics.
If you feel like you have an okay handle on kind of cold reading.
Or maybe you weren't and maybe this is the time to, you know, to try your hand at public speaking, you know.
Jesus, I'm pouring sweat. I'm like a fucking like Harlem Jazz.
You know what? The sashes don't breathe, man.
Snap the jab. Your sashes as constrictive as the untoward racial tension of your name.
What's his real name?
Sean Sakame.
Sean, show yourself.
Is he even here?
Oh, there he is. Oh, it's Sean.
All right.
Yeah.
There he is.
Nicely done.
Next time make sashes for everybody.
Do we need music? Should I be looking up a song to play for the background?
Can you play something soft?
Like some mellow and like, okay, let me find something.
Is there a male performer here who is capable of cold reads?
Yeah? Okay.
What's your name, sir?
Adam.
Adam? All right.
Hold up one second. I have to find a song. You guys get to know each other. I'm going to find a song.
Okay.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh, Puberty is hitting you quickly.
Yeah, I'm waiting for Puberty.
Oh, okay.
He was one of Chang's bodyguards in the place I used to work.
Show it.
I think I got the song.
I don't know what email this is, but I...
It should be very ambient.
Okay.
This is just an email from my brother. I don't know if this will wash, but...
All right. I'll do my best.
The subject is You Sucking.
You didn't... Okay.
June 3rd...
Hold up. Wait, wait, wait.
Wait for the music.
Wait for the music, Jack.
Oh, here we go.
Regarding You Sucking, June 3rd, 2012, 4.20 a.m.
I wanted mom and dad to meet their granddaughter, so we've had a couple visits.
Thought I'd let you know.
Once an hour, mom mentions how smart you are.
I'm not exactly sure of the equation, but anyhow, my daughter is smart because you read books when you were her age.
Does no one else remember that I read high school-level books when I was in grade school?
Anyway, she said someone put you in the closet with books.
I hope it wasn't too scary.
And I'm proud you made it out of the closet.
Thank you for my daughter's brain, and thanks for emailing once in a while.
You drooling dick puddle of chimp semen.
P.S., you know, if you think about it, I'm smarter than you are because I smoked pot and dropped out of high school.
You didn't smoke pot and drop out until college.
Why can't a brother get any cred around here?
P.P.S., mom is worried about your liver.
I think she'd feel better if you smoked more dope and drank less vodka just a heads up, sent from my I-bone.
Is it Adam or...?
Adam?
Adam.
That was a good musical selection. What is that?
Lafayonne Rose.
Alright, so let's just focus and become weightless and take a step back.
I did do my brother proud today, and I did get wailing high.
I really did, because I cleaned out my whole house, and I found my old bong from when I was 25.
And I went and I bought some screens.
He was placed a bong for 13 years?
I was really high.
That's where it is.
Jeff found a note on a whiteboard in my apartment once, and I was living in this one bedroom apartment in Los Feliz.
And we were both getting high, and that's okay to say, right?
We both have prescriptions.
Not me.
Okay, well, as a person with a prescription, Jeff is very nauseous and sleep deprived all the time.
So you found this whiteboard thing, and it said,
Dear, not high Dan, don't get high so much.
It makes you feel like you're going to have a heart attack.
Signed high Dan.
It was right on like a refrigerator board.
I was wandering around the apartment, and I read that, and I was like, this is forward thinking.
And at the time, Inagata DeVita was playing.
We were high.
I was high.
I was like walking around like, and Jeff said, what's with this?
It was a note, and I was like, and Jeff's like, so what's the deal?
I'm not going to listen to that guy.
He was high.
It's a real story.
It really happened.
Other wonderful things happened in that apartment at the time.
I was living with this girl, Dawn.
Wonderful young lady.
It was pretty much a true patriot.
She was in the bathroom like brushing her hair, or studying for her LSAT ladies.
I don't want to create like a stereotype of my story.
There may have been a book there too.
It just sounded weird.
The truth is she was primping in the bathroom, and I was a tiny little apartment, and I saw her in the bathroom,
and I said, I'm not making this story short at all.
I said, I'm going to go eat something.
As she said, okay, and I brushed her hair, and I walked into the kitchenette,
and I started doing, as I do, I started singing a little song to myself,
and it was a falsetto kind of song, because I was grabbing a little plate,
sort of a big plate, so I started singing.
When you have a little food, you just need a little plate.
That's all I was doing.
It was like I was a choir boy.
It was just sort of like…
I like the kind of strange Gregorian…
It was kind of like…
I was finding…
You diminished fourths.
We all do this.
We all sing little ditties, and then I kind of get focused on when I was kind of into it.
And the whole time I had a mental map of where I was and where my girlfriend was,
she was in the bathroom doing something, and I was just singing this song,
and my back was to the doorway of the kitchenette.
And as I turned around, I saw her.
She had heard me singing with this falsetto voice,
and she had decided to not…
She didn't want to disturb anything, but she wanted to listen to the song.
She was like, Jane Goodall.
So she was crouched behind the stove.
Day seven.
And she…
And you behaved as if…
She had become so amused that her face was bright red,
and she was like…
Because she was trying not to laugh,
because she was just listening to this stupid song.
And so I turned around, and she had been doing that the whole time.
And when I saw her, I'm holding a plate,
and I went,
but more feminine than that.
More like weird,
like more Damon Wayans, like senior,
like in an 80s movie, right?
So I was like,
and the plate went flying.
But it's very difficult to describe this,
because it's like a photon becomes a phetan,
and a gluon, the bonds with a neon,
and it all happens at the center of the universe at the same time.
Because I went,
and she had been crouched down,
and then she was suppressing her laughter.
So when I did that, she went…
And so from my perspective,
I turned around and saw something that scared me,
and it turned out to be my girlfriend,
who was crouched like a hobgoblin, bright red,
and making like this weird hobgoblin face.
So as I recovered from my adrenaline shock,
I went,
what are you doing?
And she answered in the moment,
and went,
I'm peeing!
Because I had made her laugh so hard,
she was peeing.
So then I…
This is the part that I swear,
and I have to swear is true,
and I have witnesses to the evidence.
That made me laugh so hard,
I shit my pants.
People hear that story,
they go,
why aren't you married?
Because that's enough for a whole,
just keep on,
it doesn't matter.
But the epilogue as Dino comes over, right?
Well, that's the reason I remember it,
oddly, because Dino came over.
How do you forget a story like that?
I don't know, it's just like,
it all…
How often do you shit your pants?
More often than I…
Yeah, actually, it happens more often,
probably than…
So, you have forgettable pants pooping stories?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I could tell you the ones I remember,
but I also feel there's probably
a bunch where I'm like,
ah, fuck, I shit my pants.
It doesn't happen to you?
It'll happen at the weirdest times,
like I'll just…
It's always…
The story is always after…
Well, before you're…
You know, before eight,
it just happens because it happens.
And we really have to give children a…
Mark, make a note of this.
We have to give children a break on this.
They're not choosing to shit their pants.
They have little muscles.
I didn't poop my pants a lot.
But after eight, from eight to thirty-nine,
it's always just you think it's a fart.
That's it.
It's every story.
I just think it's a fart.
It feels the same as a fart.
And I just got like,
well, this is going to be great, man.
The worst one was…
You gambled and lost.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it never seems like a gamble.
There's no double zero on the roulette wheel, you know?
There's no purpose.
I was like,
well, why would I shit my pants?
I'm not sick.
I didn't eat a fucking truck full of wheat.
Well, whatever makes you shit, I don't know.
I don't know.
The opposite of cheese.
I kept thinking,
what's the opposite of cheese?
Oh, my God.
I did shit my pants.
Why?
I just ate a truck full of wheat.
I work on a farm and I just take it in.
I'm the guy on the harvesting truck.
I was so high,
and it's energy full of wheat.
Jeepers Creepers was chasing me from me.
And I ran through a field.
I guess it was just sort of a residual wheat accumulation.
Next thing you know, I'm a chronic diuretic wheat.
Stay away from it.
Dino comes up.
Dino came to the apartment
and he saw two soaked pair of pajamas
that we had kind of like hand-washed and hung over.
There's a woman's pajamas and a man's pajamas.
He's like, what happened there?
And I was like, oh, yeah.
The weirdest, the opening of a Paul Thomas Anderson movie happened.
It was what happened.
Something that requires diagrams happened.
Pretty crazy.
Also, there was a time,
I was in the same apartment,
a different girlfriend.
Robin was there and we were sitting watching TV
in the little front room.
If you want to see this apartment,
go watch Channel 101,
anything like Laser Fired Computer Man.
It all takes place with the orange sofa and the white walls.
That's the place.
And we're sitting there and Robin gets up and says,
Dan, hey, a poopoo bear,
I'm going to go into the kitchen and see if you make me a snack.
You want a snacky poopoo bear?
They're like, maybe I can get a snack.
I'm kind of hungry.
And I was like, ugh.
So I'm sitting there watching this go on.
And she runs out to make him some cottage cheese.
Not make him.
She doesn't make cottage cheese.
They didn't live in a cottage.
And she comes back with a little plate,
a big dollop of cottage cheese
and he's beautifully fanned out,
canned peaches,
gorgeously arranged in a little array
around the top of the thing.
And she brings it in the room and Dan goes,
I kind of rolls his eyes and grits his tears.
He's like, what the fuck?
I fucking hate that face.
But you make that stupid poopoo face.
And I was like, I'm just sitting there,
digging it.
I'm getting good all for this one.
And Dan goes, ugh.
I know you're a good girlfriend
for making me the cottage cheese
and going the extra mile
of putting the peaches on top.
I know that makes you a good girlfriend
because you're trying to make it extra special
and beautiful for me.
And I love that about you,
but we've had this conversation like four times.
I don't like the peaches on the cottage cheese
because the juice from the peaches
goes in to the cottage cheese
and makes it runny and watery and it's gross.
And I know that you're a good person
for doing that,
but I just don't understand
how many more times we're going to have to have
the cottage cheese and peaches
conversation.
She goes, well, then just say that.
I hate when you make that poopoo face.
And Dan goes, that's a stupid thing to hate.
Abraham Lincoln hated slavery.
What are you going to talk about in heaven?
And I sang a little diddy that went,
don't date Dan Harmon.
Fucking awesome.
With one swoop.
You took her right in the face.
She went, when wandered off, that's the best.
We didn't time this right.
I'll do it.
You talk.
I'll make you a drink.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks.
He's a big fan.
He's Watson to my Sherlock.
I should say.
You guys have seen those movies, of course,
where Sherlock Holmes is so smart
he can beat the shit out of people.
It's insane.
Do you realize that, like,
there's like super, super duper
Dan Harmon Rob Schrab fans
and then you're familiar with a thing we did in 1999
called Heat Vision and Jack,
which was Jack Black.
Jack Black was an AstraZis,
the smartest guy in the world, blah, blah, blah.
We tried to write a movie version of it
a long time ago, and that was,
it was like, saw Sherlock Holmes,
it was like, this is the bit that I was doing.
The bit was that he's like,
he gets really smart, he's so smart
he knows how to beat the shit out of you.
Which is not, that's not, because that's not really smart.
That's the joke, but their joke
is a blockbuster film.
They made a sequel.
I want to see it.
I haven't seen it, are they good?
They're not good, but like,
People like them? By applause, who likes those movies?
Are they good? Three guys.
With television and movies, it's like...
Oh, and a girl, sorry.
You throw enough money at these things,
it's like these people are so handsome and charming
You love Robert Downey Jr.
You love Jude Law, is that his name?
Yeah.
That part, that part.
I mean, this is not funny, but like,
that strikes me as a movie that they just wrote a movie
and they added the title to it,
because you have to add a recognizable franchise
to something to make it sellable.
I don't think that's true, because this movie
would have had to have been called
Action in the Queen Victoria's Allies.
You know, it wouldn't have,
it wouldn't, there wasn't something that,
I believe that with other movies where you go like,
this isn't Tremors 3.
This is just a regular movie about
aliens invading Las Vegas.
It was called Lucky Seven
from Planet Saturn
and you added Tremors Aliens.
Anyways, speaking of Prometheus,
did we talk about...
And again, I haven't seen it, and Walt,
I don't want to see that.
If you're going to write a movie,
it's a prequel to the Die Hard mythology.
And, thank you.
He's joking, but your applause will make it
actually happen.
It's called Nakatomi.
And it's not, you know,
don't go there expecting to see anyone
say Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker.
There's no walkie-talkies in it.
It's just
it's cheersome DNA
with Die Hard, I guess.
This is how Dan pitches things to studios.
Hey Dan, I'm glad you could come.
Let's hear about your new project.
Yeah, it's an hour and a half of you
watching guys discover a puddle of
black goo that turns into a skyscraper,
a cop, and a terrorist.
Right at the end.
My wife's leaving me.
Maybe, starting to.
I think I'll
enjoy people shooting
glass later.
That was my Alan Rickman.
That was bad.
That sounded a lot like a toothless
retarded Sean Connery.
Something happened.
Now, can we hear you Sean Connery?
Most things down here
don't react well to bullets.
That's not bad.
Thank you. How many Sean Connery's
have you heard?
Come on, give me someone else.
I heard Christopher Walken.
Christopher Walken. I got a
Pringle for a fever.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Don Knotts.
Wow, Jack!
Ah!
Don Knotts's
merging into Bill Clinton.
Well, Jack, you gotta
pay the rent otherwise
it's not clear what the inflation
is.
Little George Bushman.
Popeye, right at the end.
Now, finish off with Rosie Perez.
I know you do a good Rosie Perez.
Go from who to Rosie Perez?
Popeye into Rosie.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You don't do that to me, okay?
Hey, give me, give me,
give me some spinach, girl.
I'll stab you in the eye, motherfucker, because I'm Spanish.
Why are you a writer?
Why waste this?
Have a show.
Yeah.
That's the best.
I don't want this to be, I don't want
Harmontown to be a sad place.
I think it should be a free place
where we're free to...
She's certainly a Harmontown fan. Also, she was the only girl that clapped for the Sherlock Holmes.
Uh, I, uh,
I am a,
I'm a major addict of the, uh, Tumblr blog about me.
Called Having Changed.
There's a blog, there's a blog about me.
And it's about you two
and our relationship.
Everything we do together.
Every ice cream we get.
Every kite we fly.
Every InstaWeGram.
Is chronicled on this Tumblr blog.
Every breath you make.
Every breath you take.
And I, and I really, really hope to God
that the person that maintains that blog isn't here.
And it doesn't get back to them.
Because then they'll, they won't stop right away,
but it'll be the death of it.
But I can't think of a cooler thing.
I think every single person in the world should have
a Tumblr blog about,
like everything.
If you just take a picture of yourself brushing your teeth,
and then 30 seconds later it's like,
it's a Tumblr entry.
He's brushing his teeth!
And it's just like, so-and-so, I like this.
There's like a heart with 35 after it.
Like, I don't know what I'm going to do
when this stops.
I may...
Well, because you're overly obsessive about reading
the comment sections in reviews of your show,
or things you do, which I think it's just
insanity.
To go read the comment section of anything,
it's always a bunch of just dicks.
Like, the people that
write comments are generally not good fans,
good reviewers,
are people that have some weird acts to grind,
and then it devolves into some sort of weird racist
conversation.
It's called Conversations in a Trailer
with Chevy Chays,
where I tried to convince myself I wasn't.
But that's how...
Yeah, anyways.
My girlfriend
got a Facebook message, I think,
from a couple girls who tracked her down.
She used to be a camp counselor for kids and stuff,
and they just heard her podcast,
and they just wanted to write her a letter
and say, we're juniors in college now,
and you're very inspiring and charming,
and it's great that you're doing this thing
because she...
That's what it's all about,
much like the hanky-panky.
No, totally unlike the hanky-panky.
The hanky-panky is just about putting left and right things
and stuff.
What entertainment is all about is...
Pokey Pokey.
I didn't have a cute up.
Boy.
There's another topic we can talk about.
My brain is disintegrating.
You're losing it.
Yeah, I'm not on it anymore.
But I think that if I play enough video games,
everything's going to come back,
and I've been taking some very promising meetings, Jeff.
It's very exciting.
I heard your pitch voice. It sounds good.
Yeah.
Yeah, one of them...
I got to sell a movie,
but it's not going to be a game
in a suit.
We're on a bunch of cardboard skyscrapers.
We have the state-of-the-art technology.
It's motion capture.
It's going to be a real reptilian monster
in keeping with
the scientific laws of the current
census.
Who wants to see your Godzilla movie?
Are you retarded?
You fixed Godzilla.
You're a genius.
I...
Oh, man. God damn it.
What were you talking about before,
hanky-panky?
I can't believe I forgot the hokey-pokey.
Podcasts.
Yeah, but some chicks she knew
contacted her and made her feel good.
Whatever.
That's what it's all about.
So the story didn't lose team.
It just didn't matter to you.
You just
lost interest.
I wanted to ramp into a forced
emotional expression
of how much I value the fans
and to make them go,
aww, because I'm not
being very funny tonight.
We were at a restaurant and Dan
discovered that there are
Tumblr blogs that are just dedicated
to the daily
quotidian shit that Dan does around it.
Dan's having a sandwich.
Like, Dan's going to have a sandwich?
And they make a gif.
And there's little hearts going above it.
They like that Dan ate that sandwich.
We're all having a conversation.
It was me, you, Aaron, and the thing.
Were you there, Dino?
And we're sitting there,
and Dan just completely went
to Neverland.
We were just looking at a second.
A big smile came across.
He goes, sorry guys, this is going to be
the next 72 hours of my life.
You go through this thing,
you're going back through time
of every picture that you've ever posted
or anyone's ever posted of you.
And it's this big love fest, and there's none of the negativity
that goes along with being, you know,
the bottom of a YouTube...
Yeah, they're never like day eight I found out
his buttsticks.
Oh, his hair everywhere.
His hair all over.
Well, you don't post those photos, though.
No. Start doing that shit and find out.
All right.
Thanks for my new diet.
We should have done
meeting with the goddess.
We should have been taking pictures of you
if we'd known all along
and have this timeline
of how we both look
as the circles under my eyes get bigger.
Who could have predicted
my dramatic weight loss?
I mean, would you look at this guy?
It's amazing.
You're
notably bigger than you are right now.
Yeah.
I know, Dan.
Imagine like a Martian came down like,
what are these people?
Who are they going to see?
What's so important about Harmontown?
Was I fatter in January?
You were wearing turquoise pants.
Yeah, but I just went straight to my thighs
and everyone's just like,
texting.
These humans seem to be
directionless and weightless.
They seem to have met with their goddess.
Send them the cancer cure.
What's the next step?
Assuming that you guys know what he's talking about,
it's the Joseph Campbell's hero's journey.
So what is this the step
after meeting with the goddess?
How can we know, Jeff?
We have to figure it out ourselves.
Mythologically, it's what?
Yes, I would say.
Now we have to grapple with,
we have to decide tonight
what we're going to do from now on.
I don't know that.
I'm assuming in attendance numbers.
But I would say that
knowing Dan for a long time,
Dan's a very intellectual guy,
very emotional,
internally,
it's very rewarding
to be a friend of Dan's.
And also I think that if you're fans of the things he's made,
take five, Dan, I'm talking about you.
If you're fans of things that Dan's made,
you sense that Dan is in them.
When you watch the characters on community,
they're all Dan.
They're all versions of himself and that thing.
Dan gives a lot to people.
And I think that coming here and sitting here,
ideally people would sit here and watch you
get up there wearing your stupid sash
and drinking your vodka
and talking about your butt,
that somehow it manages to be redemptive
because there's something very charming
and human about somebody getting up there
and revealing all those things about themselves.
Right.
I think that all that goes without saying.
Well, we'll cut it out for the podcast.
Alright, Adam.
There's another email from my brother
that came a week earlier than that one.
Just give this one a quick read.
Do we need music for this?
The subject line is again you sucking.
Yeah, whatever music was...
Well, I've got daybreak pulled up,
so we'll just go daybreak.
You sucking.
4.38 a.m.
Is this the same day or is this on...
Okay, so it's...
Stop, stop, stop.
Okay, because the last demo was sent
at 4.20 a.m. and this one sent on 4.20.
So I think he has like a theme going.
Do you want something different, more emotional?
Okay, let me...
I got you, give me one second.
Alright, that was Lovey and Rose,
but let's try something else.
I don't have any fucking Anya on my...
This might be good.
I like this.
Hey, fucker.
I think you'd be a millionaire
if you wrote for a video game franchise
with a likable butt gruff protagonist.
B-U-T-T gruff.
Investigate.
And when you're a millionaire
because you follow my advice,
email me back, you fuzzy-back shit-knocker.
Hey, I see you're dabbling
with digital video again.
Are you gonna make some more home videos
about farts?
Okay, okay, let's have a serious brother moment.
Yeah.
So I was just rubbing my balls
and I was thinking, these balls are so big.
Smooth.
And then I just start to think about your balls
rubbing my balls, I imagine.
Your balls are tiny and wrinkly,
like a lemon that didn't get enough sun.
Good times.
I'll emo you again in a few months, you know.
Just to prove I'm funnier than you.
You know.
Because of what with the ball jokes and stuff.
It's just like you're here
on the toilet with me.
This was fun.
Did you ever notice you have a small head?
I mean, look at Al Roker's head
sent from my eye bone.
Other hand for Adam.
The Bones
Bones reader.
Adam has an app
coming out on the iPhone
where you can subscribe to all Bones
emails.
Red in his voice.
Yeah, he really gets the better of me
in those missives, doesn't he?
He really gives me the old
Judd Apatow talking to Mark Brazil.
The old Touche.
I always feel like
I'm at the card table
next to the Algonquin round one.
I'm not allowed to
hang out with Groucho.
Yeah, I like that he has,
it's a dialogue to himself.
He's...
I'm not going to wait for the response.
Hey dipshit, you still a faggot?
I know you are.
Just kidding.
Let's get serious.
My balls are serious.
They look like your head.
Your head's a fucking dick.
Hey look, we're having a lot of fun here.
Let's cool it down.
I didn't come here to tell ball jokes.
He's retarded.
He has kids.
He's a father.
He's five years older than me.
He's got a niece that I've never met.
No, you have a niece.
I have a niece.
She does the hokey pokey.
He did some hanky-panky.
I got a...
Yeah.
Yeah, I...
I think there's some circuits.
Maybe loose wobbly.
Maybe burnt out in my head.
I'm always trying to figure out if it's genetic
or if it's nature or nurture.
But I know that my parents
and my distant family,
they all seem kind of reptilian to me.
But I think it must be me.
I think they seem like very
volatile, emotional people.
They'll write me things
and they're very excited
and emotional.
I remember being in my house growing up.
My mom and my brother were very emotional
with each other.
Some would say Freudianly
emotional with each other.
I felt like there was a connection.
Your mom and your brother had some sort of
weird silent seduction thing going on.
Yeah, I think they always felt like they were kind of like...
Fucking.
I don't think they were fucking,
but I felt like they were always thinking,
like, what if we could?
They always felt like they were still...
They felt like they were against all odds.
They were the Sam and Diane.
They were one family scuba trip
and a shark attack
from fulfilling their dreams.
Maybe in some post-apocalyptic
scenario, it would be
necessary for them to
have to
procreate the species.
They seemed game for it.
They were always hitting
and caressing them.
For instance, like, I don't know, like...
What?
Oh, God, thank you, Erin.
Yeah, I was telling my brother...
Well, I did this thing
in the bedroom.
Erin was laying in bed and I put a
sock over my dick and balls.
Who hasn't done that?
The chili peppers have done that.
You haven't done it. You have a vagina, ma'am.
That's like...
You're holding a sock in the morning
and you're naked.
I'm pretty sure every guy in here,
you don't have to admit it,
but you see if it'll fit over your
whole thing and it's hanging down.
Because I've seen that.
You haven't done it?
We lead vastly different lives.
I thought that would be the once upon a time,
like, oh yeah, we've all done that.
My brother used to do it in front of my mom.
He would, like, run into the...
We'd be watching, like, happy days
and my brother would run, like...
I feel like he was, like, 13
or, like, 15
or something, or 28.
I just remember
he was a big kid.
There's a 15-year-old playing in the U.S. open right now.
And he would run through the living room
like this and my mom would go,
whoa, stop it!
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I...
My parents had...
I was born...
My mom was 41.
They were both 41.
They'd each been married once before
either or not, so they'd each had two kids.
So they kind of made all their parenting mistakes.
I think we got the good version of parenting
because they'd already, like, fucked up once before.
So when they had us, they were adults
and their hair was getting a little gray
and they were just groovy and mellow.
But it was also the late 70s and early 80s
and they had these really swanky parties,
fondue parties and shit.
All the guys looked like the Marlboro man.
They all had mustaches and shit.
They were cool and everyone could ride a horse.
And, like...
The women all smoked.
They were like...
My mom's friend Lorraine, she'd be like...
In a full cocktail dress, like, from, you know...
Someone from Anti-Mame.
And she'd be, like, in the kitchen,
smoking, like, a Virginia Slimans
during the Holland days for the fondue.
It was like an ash going into things.
It was awesome.
And they were kind of...
I looked up.
I thought, this is a real cocktail party going on there.
We were little kids and my brother used to...
We'd make an appearance.
These are the kids. They're going to bed.
Now we can go be adults and get drunk
and talk about adult things.
My brother would take off my pajamas.
He would strip me down. He was three years older than me.
Bill Davis would strip me down
and take my pajamas and run down the hallway
into the big opening.
Kind of giant living room.
It was almost like a dance floor.
The adults were gathered.
And he would throw my pajamas into the middle of the...
Of the foray.
And I would run naked out there.
And we'd grab him.
And we'd get a big laugh.
My older brother fucking with a kid.
I was three or four with it.
And I'd run back in.
And we kept doing it.
And then the laughter at Peter off after a while.
But I had...
My oldest sister is my mom's first marriage.
I have nieces that are...
One of them is two years younger than I.
So we would bathe together when we were really little.
So I got this male-female anatomy lesson
bathing with Stephanie.
And I would see the differences between
the male and female anatomy.
And at one of the parties I just emerged
like all the adults are drunk
and smoking.
And I walked out into the middle of the party and was like,
just put my hand up and just stopped.
They were like, oh shit.
And I was going to lay some...
Something I learned on them.
I was going to lay it down for them.
And I was like, everybody?
Boys?
Girls have crack-wees.
And then I...
To abject silence.
And I walked back down the long hallway
and I got to my room and then I remember just
applause.
And I was certain that I had done
a service.
I always hope...
Because you wonder why people are fighting.
Why is mom and dad always fighting?
Why is my sister fighting with this guy?
Why is the living room always dirty?
I thought you meant like...
My parents
like their furniture was magazine stacks.
Like they would just...
The stacks of shit that they wouldn't throw away.
They would just put shit down on top of it.
Like that hoarders show.
And then somebody would
come over and the word company would happen.
They go, we're having company tonight.
And then it could happen randomly.
But that meant clean the bathtub,
clean the toilet, get this shit
off of the living room floor.
My parents would look at their own shit
and go, what is this? What's going on?
We have company tonight.
They'd all of a sudden for 24 hours
they'd become healthy, normal people
and white glove themselves.
This is garbage.
There's no skippy peanut butter.
Just this peanut butter on a white label.
They're going to think we're abusive to our children.
Turn that around and make a fake theater pan logo.
Everything.
I put Willie Nelson on.
Buy a new record player.
This is the big deal.
And then everyone would come over.
They all had mustaches.
In the 70s they all looked like
what's it?
Barney Miller.
I was trying to have the cast of Barney Miller.
Or W.
Carapy and Cincinnati.
I was having a 70s party
with cocktail vases.
And that's where I would shine.
I would come out in my footies
and I'd go, hey!
What's going on?
And I'd go, how do you tell me?
Got a dance.
It didn't take anything.
And they'd be like, whoa!
What's this guy's name?
I'm going, you tell me!
I'm not telling.
And you just like fucking dance around.
But the remarkable thing is that my parents
would like...
They were powerless.
I had the Nielsen's.
So they were like, I can't...
There's nothing I can do.
So they were like, ha!
Daniel, go to bed!
But then Uncle Morty
and Francis from Marketing
would go like, no!
Get him out of here!
Hey, come on!
What's your opinion about spaghetti?
Spaghetti? You tell me!
Ha!
They were like, this kid's the best!
And my dad would be like, he's the best!
And eventually I'd get tired
of being a real world man.
I couldn't wait to turn 18
because as I understood it,
that's when you get to leave
and the whole world was waiting out there.
That's where all those people came from.
I was just trapped in this dirty house
with stacks of magazines used as card tables.
And then everyone's around, they'd go,
everyone, fake it!
And they'd go...
Everyone filled the airlock with eight people
from the real world.
And they loved me!
My sister Pam,
who is about 20 years old
tonight, because she was my mom's first marriage,
and she got married
to Marty, this really nice,
lovable guy. He looked like Mario
from the Super Mario games.
He was really pleasant and easy going.
Turned out later on that he was
a chronic liar.
They got divorced. He turned out to not be so hot.
But at the beginning stages,
we all loved Marty.
The first time I met him, I think I was four.
And I had to put a suit on.
And I hated putting a suit on back then.
I remember it's like...
Memories of me like when I'm four.
God damn it, put the tie on.
This is so stupid.
But also, it was the 70s.
I had a red, white, and blue plaid suit.
It was fucked up.
It was bad.
So I got all dressed up.
I had my little penny loafers on.
And I was playing like Battlestar Galactica
Cylons in my room.
Your sister's boyfriend is out front.
They were engaged to get married.
And I was so angry at this
phantom guy coming into our house.
I didn't know who he was. I just hated him already.
And again,
like Crack Wheeze and Pee Wee Wheeze
and things like that.
Men and women were different.
He was an enemy. So he comes in
and they go,
Jeffrey, get out of there. Marty's here.
And this nice guy, big guy.
A big kind of hulking guy.
Like gets down low and puts his arms out.
And I run down the hallway.
I used to run down naked to get my pajamas and stuff.
And I run down right at him.
And he's got his arms out. And I had nothing in my mind.
I had no plan of attack.
I just kicked him square in the balls.
And you've probably seen some movie
or something where that was funny.
I just felt like he was...
When...
You expected it to make a boing noise.
No, like when Han Solo
was sitting and having dinner with Landon Calrissian
and Darth Vader or something, he just starts shooting.
He doesn't say anything. He goes,
he blocks it.
But when you see an enemy, you just attack.
And I just ran. I went, bang!
And hit him.
And if you don't have balls,
a four-year-old's penny lovers can do the job.
Absolutely.
And all I remember was I hit him.
Oh!
There are about 15 people in attendance.
And no one saw that coming.
At least of who are Marty.
And the whole...
Oh!
And Marty tipped over like a fucking...
Just like a chingar.
Went right over.
And I hung a hard right and ran out the front door
and climbed a tree.
And there's...
I hit the awesome tree out of the front.
I'm like, fuck this guy. I'm a climber tree. Be a kid.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
When a cat runs into a wall, it just starts licking itself.
Yeah, you caught me in the middle
of my run into a wall, then licked myself
for regiment.
So I bone out. I get out. I'm out front.
I'm climbing a tree. And I hear a combination
of laughter, horror, moaning.
Marty's...
Marty's having a medical emergency.
Everybody's laughing.
Some people are like...
It was chaos inside the house.
I could hear it. So I'm climbing a tree.
I'm up there in a tree. I remember this so vividly.
I was about to be four years old.
Beautiful day. Something California.
I was like, this is the stuff.
I just took down that motherfucker.
Climb on my tree.
I think the instinct was to go be king of the castle.
Like, get high.
Like, you know, separate yourself.
Go back to heaven.
Where gods live. Where titans dwell.
And then I fell out the tree.
Because I was wearing penny loafers.
And you don't gain a lot of purchase
with the fucking footing on a tree
with the penny loaf around.
And I fell straight backwards.
That got my foot caught
in a crunch of a limb.
My foot got fricking caught me.
I would have broken my neck and probably died.
Oh, the kids are pretty supple.
But I fell to my death and got caught.
And now I'm hanging upside down by one foot.
And at four years old,
I don't have the core strength.
You'll get that later at 25.
You'll be like...
When I learned to stop kicking people in the balls.
So I'm trying to...
At some point, now I'm out of steam.
Because dinner was about to happen.
And I decided to kick a dude in the balls.
To climb a tree. And now I'm alone.
And what I can't do
is appeal for help.
So I was out there with the blood rushing in my head
for what I think was an hour.
And finally people got worried about me
and it came out. And then there was more laughter.
And I...
Guess who came and got me?
Yeah.
Uncle Sam.
That was the worst.
We had a tweet
that came in 21 minutes ago
at Harmontown.
It said, finish your Indiana Jones tangent.
Oh, your picture.
You're going to make an Indiana Jones movie.
Wait, was that what it is?
Oh, the right.
We went on the right. We went to Disneyland.
It was fun.
Happy...
Slater?
Is that a reference to my show?
I don't like the right that much.
I remember when it came out.
I was very excited about it.
But it's not the best.
Disneyland has a weird hypnotic thing going where
you're so satisfied with so little.
But they also, though,
they do so many things so right.
I can't figure it out.
We went to Magic Mountain together.
And that's all just about thrills, chills, and spills.
And I haven't been paid to tell you that.
But that's just walking around a park
like you're going from one roller coaster to another.
The most terrifying one of all,
the X2 or whatever,
because they won't fucking tell you
what it is.
Everything is like, oh, it's the Coco Puffs ride.
You're crazy for Coco Puffs.
You have to help me find more
Coco on this ride.
It's the best ride.
It's stupid.
But the X2 thing, the whole ride,
they keep going, are you ready for this?
Do you know what you're doing?
Have you said goodbye to your loved ones?
They changed it because when it was just X.
Have you guys been to Magic Mountain and been on X or X2?
Fucking good.
If you like scary rides.
But the original, I'm certain of this.
I went on it like three times.
Keep your hands and arms inside of the train
at all times, like that little spiel you get.
The X1 was like, everybody,
you're about to be on X.
X is a thrilling experience.
You leave your keys with somebody
you trust because you're about to go on X.
It's really crazy.
Drink some orange juice.
Your jaw may wiggle a little bit.
They were really preparing you for it.
You expect unsolicited back rubs
and expressions
of intent to call one another more often.
Millennials will call it E.
I was told by some guy that came in
at a pitch meeting
he was telling me about the four stages
that generations go through.
Baby boomers are the blah, blah, blah generation.
And the generation X is this.
They always react to the previous generation
and then the X.
It sounded like it was such a bullshit.
I can't articulate.
I wanted to throw a rock at the guy's head.
I was like, what are you saying?
You're just saying what your brain wants to be the case.
There's nothing entertaining about this tangent.
It was so interesting to me
because of course we all think in rhythms of four
but we're all projecting like, oh yeah.
Remember that World War II generation?
Like they sat around saying that.
No, let's be a big generation
and go fight World War II.
We spent the entire days
people do at Disneyland
talking about all the many people
who have died at Disneyland.
Which alarms me because I have to figure that
that means like a 40 people die at Magic Mountain
every week and no one talks about it.
There's like 15 things.
Google Disneyland deaths, it's very interesting.
The most horrific one
is the Mark Twain boats coming in.
I wasn't working that day
but I was an employee of Disneyland
when that happened.
I did a show right in front of that.
It could have happened right there.
I was there with Gorley and you were there too.
He was saying, yeah, I worked here
when that smoke mountain
decapitation happened
or something like, what was it?
Thunder Mountain, the railroad.
And then...
There's two groups of people
that know what I'm talking about
and they're like, get to your fucking point.
I'm sorry about that.
I want to describe the one Disneyland death
that is amazing to me.
Yeah.
It's the Mark Twain boat coming in.
It's so gross.
And when it comes around
if it's beyond a certain speed
you're supposed to let it go all the way around.
And the people on board,
ladies and gentlemen, coming in too fast
wouldn't want a horrible thing to happen.
So we're going all the way around.
And I'm sure everyone's like,
fuck you, you fucking dick.
I got a fast pass to the fucking
Green Lantern's asshole.
Have you ever seen...
I got to be there at 1030
or I'm going to fucking lose the time of my life.
You're fucking around with me, you fucking bureaucrats.
What they don't know is that what happens
when you don't do that
is this.
The river boat came in a little too fast.
The manager on duty
didn't know enough to let it go.
I think he was not the regular guy.
I'm not sure how much is apocryphal, as you say.
A word I learned from you. How much isn't.
But I read this on
many websites.
And they had animated gifts
on the side that were like,
but skulls that had mouse ears on them.
So
I think this is the real story.
The river boat came in.
They didn't, they tied it off
even though it was coming in too fast.
The rope went tout
and the first thing that
happened is it, how are you supposed to say tout?
Tout.
You say tout? Tout.
No, a tout is a guy that gives you tips on a race track.
Bagel.
Fuck you guys.
Honestly, if you're going to teach people
English like Google,
I mean, I only ever read these words.
I never heard anyone say them.
My mom never said tout.
Tout.
Tout? I read it. I know what it means.
Dan still says bagel. It's a bagel.
It's a bag, the first three letters are bag.
You put shit in a bag.
You guys are dicks.
I just don't get it.
And one day you will.
The
rope stretches
to tout?
Yeah.
It goes hanky-panky.
That was embarrassing.
I'm sorry about that.
Across the shins
of the guy
who called for the
tying off of the thing, snaps both of his
shins in half because it goes so tight.
That's chapter one.
I wouldn't even mention this story
if that's all that happened.
The rope then pulls on the metal cleat
in the dock so hard
that the metal cleat
uproots from the wood and slingshots
at the speed of sound across
Disneyland and explodes a dude's head.
Yeah.
From what I remember, and again,
who knows how much is apocryphal or not,
but one guy's foot got mostly severed,
I believe, and I went through a guy's head
who got mostly decapitated.
The guy's shoe, I don't know how familiar
you are with Frontierland,
but
apparently the dude's foot,
the guy's shoe landed in the Mexican restaurant,
which is
it's not
right there. It's a long
way for a shoe to go if your foot's still in it.
Yeah, Frontierland,
you'd be racist to assume
Frontierland is right where the Mexican
restaurants are.
It was in civilized,
it was a Tomorrowland
Mexican restaurant
that served only progressive Mexican food.
They had
hologram refried beans
and laser
churros.
Anyways, you've left out the important part.
The shoe
had the foot still in it.
I believe so. The thing went
through a guy's face and knocked his head off
and there was blood everywhere, apparently,
and then went through a guy's foot and the foot landed
in someone's enchilada
and then it's in the news for
an hour,
because Disneyland owns the entire goddamn
world and they go, hey everybody
you can run this for 24 hours and then
if you run it again,
we'll shut you down.
By the time the newspapers ran it, the story
was that Disneyland had a new severed foot
world.
They had created
a whole mythology. There were costume characters,
there was a mayor
of severed foot world,
there was a new ride,
Mark Ruffalo was there.
Everyone
was pretending to have one foot and
they were singing a song that was written by Randy Newman.
It was
it's a dystopia.
It's a dystopic.
You got a foot in your food.
I don't need no foot because
I'm not in the mood.
I said you got
a foot in your food.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown. Adam everybody.
One more time for Adam.
Thank you all for coming.
You guys are the best. Thank you so much.
We love you. Dan Harmon. I'm Jeff Davis.
Thank you everybody here at Nerd Melt.
Halloween.
We're going to get it on.